---
layout: post
title:  "How to ask a question part 2"
date:   2017-07-20 06:01:00 -07002
categories: career
---

1. Make sure you do everything you can to figure it out yourself
  * Have you consulted documentations? Great software comes with great documentations with solid examples. That's how I solve my problems most of time. Follow their examples. People who write open-source projects are mostly great coders. So their examples are something you can mimic.
  * Have you google your question?
  * Have you search stackoverflow? There is no shame in going to stackoverflow. But ponder about the answers you see. As long as you make it stick to your brain, it's all good. Just by going through various answers, you can see how people process and solve problems. Also when you search for technical questions, it's a good idea to set date range in Google to be "within a year." Technology evolves. The best solution five years ago might not be the best solution today. For example, a lot of JavaScript answers involve "callbacks." Now that we have async/await, answers involving callbacks might not be needed.
  * Have you posted a question to stackoverflow?
  
2. Be polite and genuine.
  * Remember you are interrupting someone from doing his/her work. Be mindful.
  * Don't be condesending. There is a person who always comes to me and says "it will only take five minutes of your time." Why throw in some bullshit number you just made up? It never takes five minutes since only reason she is here is for me to do her work. Just say, "I need your help on this thing. Is this a good time?" What's better is to write up an email describing your question with your code snippets. That way I have a proof that you tried and I know that you actually respect my time. I hate when people just show up with a laptop, puts it right next to you and start babbling about his/her needs. As a parent with two little ones, I really do not have much time to spare. I want to get in, do my work and get out.

3. Digest, expand and stay curious. I try hard not to go to stackoverflow. It's a shortcut. I like to struggle. I like to make my brain uncomfortable. When you finally get an answer either from me or from Internet. Continue asking questions to yourself. 'Is there a better way I can do this?' 
