---
layout: post
title:  "Grudge"
date:   2018-05-13 08:38:24 -0700
categories: life
---

I hold a grudge for a long time. I am going to write down why this grudge that I have against this guy. I will analyse pros and cons to see if I have to let this one go.

First, origin of the grudge.

My son played little league baseball up to AA. If you have a little kid, I advise against enrolling him/her to a little league. It's infested with favoritism. It's bunch of Dads volunteering so that their loser kids can pitch all the time and hitting at the top of the lineup. During single A season, my son never got a chance to pitch. I mean NEVER. I get that some Dads donate their time to coach so their kids SHOULD get more chances. But we paid over $500 for season. So shouldn't my kid get a little bit of chance to pitch as well? I guess that's too much to ask. So for the entire season, I would see my son getting to a park running up to a lineup sheet realizing that he is not pitching yet again and be saddened by it. Then one day I had a chance to talk to this coach whose son went to the same school with my son at that time. I told him about how my son never got a chance to pitch and blah blah. He said that was the messed up and he said on his team everybody pitched. He said he was a fair coach. So I asked him to draft my son if he could next season. He said he would. 

When I found out that that coach indeed drafted him, I was very happy. I thought my son could finally get to pitch a bit. And hoping to get him more chances, I became an assistant coach. But that promised fair chance of pitching never came. He pitched couple of games which he was pretty effective. But most of games he would just rotate these three bigger older kids. This guy was all about winning, never about developing kids. Toward the mid of season, he asked every kid to do a fake bunt. And he would teach all the tricky things to do. For example, when you walk or advance to first base, he would say your name with your last name. That means steal 2nd. Anyway, I got tired of my son not getting a chance to pitch. So one day during practice I asked him when my son would pitch again. Then he got so furious. I guess because I demanded something? And the very next day during practice he announced that there would be some lineup change to give the kids fair chances to hit in different slots. My son's always been a lead off. But he moved my son down to 6th slot that day. The funny thing is no other kid moved in the lineup, just my son. And he stayed at 6th the entire season. 

I decided to resign as an assistant coach; I did not want to help this asshole out not even one second longer. We had a long discussion over the phone. That discussion confirmed me even further that this dude is a serious asshole; now I get why he is divorced. Anyway, my son did not play baseball anymore after that season and I did not want him to play any more "team" sports any more. So we stopped playing baseball. It's unfortunate since I thought my son was pretty decent at it. 

Somehow I can't let go of this experience and this asshole. He retaliated against my son who was 9 at that time because I said something. Who the fuck does that?

But I know that his team's been sucky last two years. His team seems to get worse as kids get older. I have some hypothesis for it. As kids get older, they can tell a lot more about people. I think kids will see right through this asshole and will go "fuck this guy, I am not playing hard to this asshole."

A few weeks ago, I happened to see this guy practicing at a park near my house. There were only 6 kids showed up and there was 0 help. No assistant coaches. No helping parents. That tells me everything about how everyone finally figured him out. 

Good luck overcompensating to make up for the damage you've done through your divorce. 